well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
the green New Deal not the one you're
thinking of the global green New Deal
the huge green New Deal the really
really big green New Deal
some researchers from Stanford who can
only be described as really ambitious
put out a roadmap for 143 countries to
reach 100% clean energy wind water and
solar by 2050 that is ambitious by
anybody's reckoning the technology is
already there 95% of it is commercially
available the only stuff that is still
theoretical is the stuff that those with
long distance and ocean travel even if
that isn't figured out that that's a
pretty small piece of the pie really the
price tag for this monumental global
public works project and infrastructure
endeavor is 73 trillion dollars with a T
but it is spread out over a hundred
forty-three countries more importantly
it's going to create twenty eight point
six million jobs more than are lost
twenty eight point six million on top of
those that are lost and that combined
with the economic activity in the
savings this will pay for itself in
seven years let's say there were just
really really wrong about that and it
takes 20 years to do it 20 years to pay
itself off it's a mortgage on the planet
even if you think that climate change
isn't a thing pollution is bad I think
we can all agree on that here's the
solution to it here's the solution to it
the messed up part about this it is
technologically feasible it is
economically feasible so much so that if
those
the only concerns they say this could be
done by 2030 but those aren't the only
concerns because the planet is populated
by people humans who are resistant to
change that extra 20 years is allotted
to convince us that we need to do it
because haven't been out that long the
study but it won't be long until some
oil company funds a study to attack it
and we love things that confirm our own
biases and studies like that well they
can just drag us around by the nose with
them because we want to believe them
because we are resistant to change we're
gonna have to do this at some point why
not do it now why not start now
we are addicted to fossil fuels we're
going to be very reluctant to get off of
them even with a roadmap but I think
everybody knows what happens if you
don't deal with an addiction anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night